welcome to Alec a los angeles quick
recipe today I'm going to show you how
to make hot Monsieur it's a very simple
very quick do you need white bread then
I cut in square turkey slice I mean you
can use also I'm if you want if you like
better in some queer shredded Greer then
I had a teaspoon of come fresh in it and
I mix it together so I'm going to show
you how to do this first of all you take
one square of the bread add the job here
can cut it to make it fit like this take
some of the mix of the cheese and the
come fresh put it on top
black this and you put the other side of
the white bread on top and now we're
going to pan them for until golden so in
a pan will you use a little bit of
butter like we call that in was it just
can't sighs you let it melt to coat the
bottom
like this we like mother like daughter
and we would the hotness you to be
golden on both side in in the middle of
the cheese and the conventional melt we
want the time to be pretty hard so it's
full fire at the beginning until the
pain is very hot and then the butter
melted compressing so we put the
croque-monsieur like this and we wait
until underneath the first the first
side is golden is gold on one side so
just turning over and I think you have
to control it you have to take a look
because the pain is hot now is very hard
so the true everything is fine it's fine
you can tell you're over another time
until it's golden brown on the side
so the inside is making a cheese in the
converse making what you do win it's
always like this you bring the fire down
like very low down one more time she's
beautiful little girl angle you color it
like this so the insides got em is gonna
melt the cheese is gonna melt very well
look come fresh it's every cream and you
can buy it at Twitter Joe or any any
shop I think I've has it now you see you
too easy to find so it's called can
flash it's even easier than a cream
basically that you have email I said
right now is I cannot nearly quit this
is pretty slowly I'm going to take a
look check one more time cover right now
it's ready the color is beautiful it's
brown and we gotta cut it in two like
this and see you look at inside
it's beautiful it's melting a little bit
but you look very nice and it's going to
be very good so now enjoy it viva la vie
& A bientôt and I'm going to try it
delicious Oh wah but inside with some
meat and some fresh you also can do it
with an egg on the double school cough
madam
you